Improve Documentation (#339)
hivemq/mqtt-cli: docs/_includes/options/publish-options.md

| Option     | Long Version               | Explanation                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | Default |
|------------|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `-t`       | `--topic`                  | The MQTT topic to which the message will be published.                                                                                                                                                                                |         |
| `-m`       | `--message`                | The message which will be published on the topic.                                                                                                                                                                                     |         |

> | `-m:file`  | `--message-file`           | The file whose payload will be published on the topic.                                                                                                                                                                                |         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-m:file`  | `--message-file`           | The file containing the payload which will be published on the topic.                                                                                                                                                                                |         |
```

| `-m:empty` | `--message-empty`          | Sets the message to an empty payload.                                                                                                                                                                                                 |         |

> | `-r`       | `--[no-]retain`            | Whether the message will be retained.                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `False` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-r`       | `--[no-]retain`            | Whether the message will be retained.                                                                                                                                                                                                 | `false` |
```
